with four energetic cubs mum has a busy
time she must hunt regularly when she
goes out hunting the prairie dog soon
sit up and take notice but they
remarkably quiet alarm calls warn of a
pending threat but if that threat comes
too close prairie dogs will often fall
silent to call out now could prove fatal
[Music]
if a pup does indeed learn from its
parents then knowing when to hold fire
and retreat could be one of the most
valuable lessons of its life
[Music]
or the end of its life if it gets it
wrong when one of your neighbors is
killed it wouldn't seem unreasonable to
expect a moment of quiet reflection
but once the Swift Fox is out of sight
something quite extraordinary happens in
prairie dog town it looks like the
prairie dogs are experiencing a moment
of madness this acrobatic display is in
fact the jump get the call it could be
an all-clear signal when a threat or
danger has passed whatever the meaning
it's certainly infectious
[Music]